hello everybody welcome to points my
name is Camille and we're here at the
Canon business imaging showroom today
we're going to talk about the image
runner advanced C 50 45 and here the
stays miss Tyndall Aveeno the assistant
manager for marketing and it's a ask
what is this exactly
it's called with the function does the
basic copying printing scanning and
faxing one feature that we're very proud
to introduce in the market this is canon
image runner advances from personal
lives interface when you say
personalized you can actually select
weapons which you should use to make
your workloads your entry in life so for
example when you're when you're used to
copy and faxing
because only select copying and sexy and
then disregard all other buttons just to
make it easier
apart from that this machine meanness
will end with security features that
will really protect your documents
inside the machine as well as the
documents you stand for prayer this one
this machine prints about 45 pages of
color red pants actually does a poor and
several other pages food choices since
this is also a copier because me I'm
only known as popular text documents
does it also do that yes this action to
copy its stance six dances a flatbed
those who used to sign books can use the
flatbed also useful stat sheets personal
documents instead
for faster
when you scan a document
that's it another version to another
company usually use the handset but
using this we can actually just type in
the phone number and then when you scan
the document
and then of course the step there you
will get the notification that says
doctor
Uniqlo is a software but this engine is
macadam in the market manage our
documents so when is a manager documents
it
monitors your printing your skies or
your
using them Academy multifunction device
use your documents according to specific
printouts like if you wanted to have it
printed in color and very important
function device of a self at servant
Lord is not printing color
it can there redirect to another floor
so it's that smart and it's that
convenient
Thank You mr. and thank you for sharing
with us information about the iron
advance see 50 50 45 if you want to know
more about the iron advanced series you
can visit their website triple double
cannon dot-com eh this has been Connie
oh and this is pinpoints you want